New page: aria-pressed (#10763)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-pressed/index.md

---
title: 'aria-pressed'
slug: Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-pressed
tags: 
  - Accessibility
  - ARIA
  - ARIA attribute
  - ARIA property
  - aria-pressed
  - Reference
---

> The `aria-pressed` attribute indicates the current "pressed" state of toggle buttons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aria-pressed` attribute indicates the current "pressed" state of a toggle button. 
```

## Description

Adding `aria-pressed` to an element with a role of [`button`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/button_role) turns the button into a toggle button. The `aria-pressed` attribute is only relevant for toggle buttons. It represents the button's current "pressed" state. 

The value is "tri-state", meaning the value can be set to `true`, `false`, `mixed`, or `undefined` values. In the case of `aria-pressed`, like most tri-state value types, the default value is `undefined`.

> Toggle buttons require a full press-and-release cycle to change their value. Pressing and releasing it once changes the value to `true`. If it's pressed and released again, the value changes back to `false`. And so on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle buttons require a full press-and-release cycle to change their value. Pressing and releasing it once changes the value to `true`. If it's pressed and released again, the value changes back to `false`.
```
